I reviewed file:///Users/4470246/Downloads/miningcloneid/agent-dev/manuscript_work_packages/ltee_hypoxia_model/ideation/ideation_report.html and my comments are below: So, historical figure one, I agree with the main concern. We should also show the chromosome trajectories used to motivate the results claim. For figure three, main concern, composite distance. I agree with that for panel A. Panel A contains several sub-panels. We would probably want to show there only the growth rate over time. Not all the other panels. And I don't agree with the absence of negative control pane. There is a control, which is the left-hand side of panels A and B, respectively. Historical figure four, these are the in vivo results, sorry, the in vitro fitting results, the in vitro and in vivo fitting results, I think. No, these are just the in vivo fitting results for historical figure four, and we're showing that endpoint ploidies are especially influenced by hypoxia length path when oxygen is low, but is mainly influenced by robustness to missegregation rate when oxygen is high. And we see there is two potential clusters of settings that could explain in vivo observations, and they differ in these two parameter values. I think that both figures three and four need to convey the quality of the fits somehow to the reader. The reader needs to know that they are confident, how confident they should be in the fitting results. Historical figure five. And this is the joint fitting, in vivo and in vitro joint fitting. Again, here too, we want to convey the quality of the fits first before we dive into the results. Panels B, C, and D compare the in vivo versus in vitro functions, but they should probably follow what currently is panel E. Historical figure six, let me.Is there a figure, oh, never mind. So I agree with F1, F2, F3. No, I don't agree with F3. I agree with F1 and F2. I do not agree with F3. And I don't agree with F4 either. I agree with F5. We can leave out F6 for now. So this was the relevant feedback and prompt context, all of the above. I just commented on was relevant feedback and prompt context. Okay, then decision checklist. Figure 1, approve. Figure 3e, reject. Figure 4, reject. Figure 5 source basis, approve. Figure 5e, reject. Figure 6b and Figure 6 framing and journal constraints, defer.
